Q: How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

R: It was very helpful and easy to use, even on code that I have not written. However, I think in Mac the display format needs a bit of improvement, which makes hard to differentiate the beginning and end of each piece of code.

Q: How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

R:I think is helpful because, first, you don't need to save each change in a different file; and second, you can go back any time to an older working version of your program without having to remember all the changes you have made on your code.

Q: What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

R:

PROS

- You and your team can decide on a logical commit criteria, which can change depending on the project. FLEXIBILITY

CONS

- You can forget to commit if you haven't build the habit or have decided which commit criteria fits the needs of the project.

Q: Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

R: I think this is because most projects involve more than one file.

Q: How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

R: The command 'git log' lists all the commits made on a file, identified by an ID number , and shows an optional descriptive message added by the user at the time of commit.
   The command 'git diff' compares two different commits of a file and shows the differences.

Q: How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

R: Since version control allows to go back to a previous working state of the repository, it might make me more confident about changing my code or experimenting new ideas with it.

Note: 'git checkout'

Q: Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

R: 1) Set up a repository from scratch
   2) Learning how to go back to a previous version when its commit ID is not available.
   
